Packages/eu.netherlands3d.obj-importer/README.md, before:

﻿objImporter
===========

Using this package it is possible to create a gameobject from an obj-file in runtime.


## Usage

Create a gamobject in your scene and attach ObjImportManager.cs to it.
Make sure a Base Material is set. This material will be used as template for the materials of the created model.

Start the importing by calling the public function ParseFiles() with a string as variable.
The stringvariable contains the filename of the obj-file, and optionally a mtl-file and an imagefile.
filenames are seperated by a comma (,).

To let a user select their own files from their computer, use the Filebrowser-package.

Using the public function Cancel(), the importing can be cancelled. During cancelling all temporary files will be removed.
> Important:All the files are assumed to be placed in the application.persistentDataPath, and will be deleted after the file is imported.

### Settings
- Create SubMeshes: when selected all the geometry in the obj-file will be combined into a single mesh, with submeshes for the different materials.
When not selected, a gameobject will be crated for each material in the obj-file.

### Result
- Created Moveable Game Object: gameobject-event will be invoked when the imported obj-file did not contain RD-coordinates.
- Created Immoveable Game Object: gameobject-event will be invoked when the imported obj-file DID contain RD-coordinates.

### Progress
- Busy: boolEvent will be invoked with the value "true" on starting and will be invoked with the value "false" after finishing.
- Current Activity: stringEvent for disclosing the active activity.
- Current Action: stringEvent for disclosing the active action. (an action is a subtask of an activity).
- Progress Percentage: Invoked every frame to show the progress of the current activity in perCent.

### Alerts and errors
- AlertMessage: StringEvent that is invoked if something didn't go as expected, for example an imageFile was not found.
- Errormessage: StringEvent that is invoked if something went wrong that caused the import to be unsuccesfull.

Commit message:

General cleanup and integration for Netherlands3D
There were quite a few files without namespaces, so I added those and moved
the files into a more compact directory structure. There was also an old sample
present in the folders that relied on the Scriptable Object event architecture;
I had to remove that sample and introduce Prefabs and Materials for the
Amsterdam/Netherlands3D repository's sample to keep working.

Packages/eu.netherlands3d.obj-importer/README.md, after:

﻿Obj Importer
============

Using this package it is possible to create a GameObject from a .obj file in runtime.

## Usage

Create a GameObject in your scene and attach ObjImportManager.cs to it.
Make sure a Base Material is set. This material will be used as template for the materials of the created model.

Start the import by calling the public function ParseFiles() with a string as variable.
This string variable contains the filename of the .obj file, and optionally a .mtl-file and an image file.
Filenames are seperated by a comma (,).

To let a user select their own files from their computer, use the Filebrowser-package.

Using the public function Cancel(), the importing can be cancelled. During cancelling all temporary files will be removed.

> Important: All the files are assumed to be placed in the application.persistentDataPath, and will be deleted after 
> the file is imported.

## Settings

- Create SubMeshes: when selected all the geometry in the obj-file will be combined into a single mesh, with submeshes for the different materials.
When not selected, a gameobject will be crated for each material in the obj-file.

## Result

- Created Moveable Game Object: gameobject-event will be invoked when the imported obj-file did not contain RD-coordinates.
- Created Immoveable Game Object: gameobject-event will be invoked when the imported obj-file DID contain RD-coordinates.

## Progress

- Busy: boolEvent will be invoked with the value "true" on starting and will be invoked with the value "false" after finishing.
- Current Activity: stringEvent for disclosing the active activity.
- Current Action: stringEvent for disclosing the active action. (an action is a subtask of an activity).
- Progress Percentage: Invoked every frame to show the progress of the current activity in perCent.

## Alerts and errors

- AlertMessage: StringEvent that is invoked if something didn't go as expected, for example an imageFile was not found.
- Errormessage: StringEvent that is invoked if something went wrong that caused the import to be unsuccesfull.
