Packages/eu.netherlands3d.coordinates/README.md, before:

﻿Coordinates
===========

Using this package it is possible to 

1. Convert between the following coordinate systems:
   - [World Geodetic System 1984 Lattitude, Longitude, EllipsoidalHeight (EPSG:3857, WGS84_LatLonH)](https://epsg.io/3857)
   - [World Geodetic System 1984 Lattitude, Longitude (EPSG:4326, WGS84_LatLon)](https://epsg.io/4326)
   - [World Geodetic System 1984 EartCentered-EarthFixed (EPSG:4978, WGS84_ECEF)](https://epsg.io/4978)
   - [European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 Lattitude, Longitude, EllipsoidalHeight (EPSG:4937, ERTS89_LatLonH)](https://epsg.io/4937)
   - [European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 Lattitude, Longitude (EPSG:4258, ERTS89_LatLon)](https://epsg.io/4258)
   - European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 EartCentered-EarthFixed (EPSG:4936, ERTS89_ECEF)](https://epsg.io/4936)
   - [Rijksdriehoekscoördinaten](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rijksdriehoeksco%C3%B6rdinaten) (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Ordnance_Datum) (RD / [EPSG:28992](https://epsg.io/28992))
   - [Rijksdriehoekscoördinaten](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rijksdriehoeksco%C3%B6rdinaten) + [NAP height](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Ordnance_Datum) (RD / [EPSG:7415](https://epsg.io/7415))
   - WGS 84 / Pseudo-Mercator (EPSG:3857, WGS84_PseudoMercator)](https://epsg.io/3857)


2. convert between each of these coordinateSystems and Unity Vector3

# Usage

## Using coordinates

### Creating a Coordinate from known values

Example, describing longitude 10.02, latitude 20.01 in EPSG:4326, Coordinate Reference System.

```
$coordinate = new Coordinate(CoordinateSystem.WGS84LatLon, 20.01, 10.02);
```
### Testing the validity of a coordinate

you can test is a coordinate is valid using the function IsValid():

```
$bool isValid = CoordinateToTest.isValid();
```
returns true if:
	- the number of axis is correct AND
	- the AxisValues fall within the bounds of the valid area for the coordinatesystem

### Converting to another CoordinateSystem

$rdCoordinate = originalCoordinate.Convert(CoordinateSystem.RDNAP);

## Connecting Coordinates to Unity

### assigning a CoordinateSystem to Unity

$CoordinateSystems.connectedCoordinateSystem = CoordinateSystem.RDNAP;

### assigning a location to the Unity Origin

$CoordinateSystems.SetOrigin(Coordinate that has to be at the Unity-Origin)
this coordinate does not have to be in the coordinateSystem that is assigned to Unity.

### Creating a coordinate from an Unity Vector3

$newCoordinate = new Coordinate(UnityVector3)

### Converting to a Vector3

$Vector3 = CoordinateToConvert.ToUnity()

### Rotating geometry
When a geocentric coordinateSystem is attached to Unity, the geometry defined in this coordinatesystem has to be rotated so that the gravity-Updirection at the UnityOrigin aligns with UnityUp and the north-direction aligns with the Unity Z-axis.

different coordinatesystems use different Up- and East-directions.
When coordinateSystem A is connected to Unity, but you have geometry (for example a mesh) that is defined in coordinateSystem B, a rotation might have to be applied to ensure that the geometry aligns nicely with the other objects in unity.

$Quaternion rotationInUnity = CoordinateAtOrigin.RotationToLocalGravityUp()
$transform.rotation = rotationInUnity

* (for now) we assume that the mesh itself is defined in a left-handed, Y-up style. (even though most official coordinatesystems are righthanded and Z-up), most geometry-parsers in unity already change this definition


## Backwards compatibility

In Netherlands3D, we used to make use of conversion methods on the CoordinateConverter -such as RDtoWGS84- and
Vector3 classes per Coordinate System. This architecture is not scalable to support the plethora of CRS out there,
and as such these are all deprecated and replaced by Coordinate.Convert(targetCRS)

Commit message:

Add function to find coordinateSystem by name

Packages/eu.netherlands3d.coordinates/README.md, after:

﻿Coordinates
===========

Using this package it is possible to 

1. Convert between the following coordinate systems:
   - [World Geodetic System 1984 Lattitude, Longitude, EllipsoidalHeight (EPSG:3857, WGS84_LatLonH)](https://epsg.io/3857)
   - [World Geodetic System 1984 Lattitude, Longitude (EPSG:4326, WGS84_LatLon)](https://epsg.io/4326)
   - [World Geodetic System 1984 EartCentered-EarthFixed (EPSG:4978, WGS84_ECEF)](https://epsg.io/4978)
   - [European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 Lattitude, Longitude, EllipsoidalHeight (EPSG:4937, ERTS89_LatLonH)](https://epsg.io/4937)
   - [European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 Lattitude, Longitude (EPSG:4258, ERTS89_LatLon)](https://epsg.io/4258)
   - European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 EartCentered-EarthFixed (EPSG:4936, ERTS89_ECEF)](https://epsg.io/4936)
   - [Rijksdriehoekscoördinaten](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rijksdriehoeksco%C3%B6rdinaten) (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Ordnance_Datum) (RD / [EPSG:28992](https://epsg.io/28992))
   - [Rijksdriehoekscoördinaten](https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rijksdriehoeksco%C3%B6rdinaten) + [NAP height](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amsterdam_Ordnance_Datum) (RD / [EPSG:7415](https://epsg.io/7415))
   - WGS 84 / Pseudo-Mercator (EPSG:3857, WGS84_PseudoMercator)](https://epsg.io/3857)


2. convert between each of these coordinateSystems and Unity Vector3

# Usage

## Using coordinates

### Creating a Coordinate from known values

Example, describing longitude 10.02, latitude 20.01 in EPSG:4326, Coordinate Reference System.

```
$coordinate = new Coordinate(CoordinateSystem.WGS84LatLon, 20.01, 10.02);
```
### Testing the validity of a coordinate

you can test is a coordinate is valid using the function IsValid():

```
$bool isValid = CoordinateToTest.isValid();
```
returns true if:
	- the number of axis is correct AND
	- the AxisValues fall within the bounds of the valid area for the coordinatesystem

### Converting to another CoordinateSystem

$rdCoordinate = originalCoordinate.Convert(CoordinateSystem.RDNAP);

### find a CoordinateSystem by name

$bool CanHandleTheCoordainteSystem = CoordinateSytems.FindCoordinateSystem("coordinatesystemName", out NewCoordinateSystem)

each coordinateSystem has a unique name (in most case the epsg-code). the first found coordinateSystem who's name ins contained in the searchterm will be returned.
If a coordinateSystem is found, the function returns "True"
If a coordinateSystem is not found, the function return "False" and the coordainteSystem is set to CoordinateSystem.Undefined

## Connecting Coordinates to Unity

### assigning a CoordinateSystem to Unity

$CoordinateSystems.connectedCoordinateSystem = CoordinateSystem.RDNAP;

### assigning a location to the Unity Origin

$CoordinateSystems.SetOrigin(Coordinate that has to be at the Unity-Origin)

this coordinate does not have to be in the coordinateSystem that is assigned to Unity.

### Creating a coordinate from an Unity Vector3

$newCoordinate = new Coordinate(UnityVector3)

### Converting to a Vector3

$Vector3 = CoordinateToConvert.ToUnity()

### Rotating geometry
When a geocentric coordinateSystem is attached to Unity, the geometry defined in this coordinatesystem has to be rotated so that the gravity-Updirection at the UnityOrigin aligns with UnityUp and the north-direction aligns with the Unity Z-axis.

different coordinatesystems use different Up- and East-directions.
When coordinateSystem A is connected to Unity, but you have geometry (for example a mesh) that is defined in coordinateSystem B, a rotation might have to be applied to ensure that the geometry aligns nicely with the other objects in unity.

$Quaternion rotationInUnity = CoordinateAtOrigin.RotationToLocalGravityUp()
$transform.rotation = rotationInUnity

* (for now) we assume that the mesh itself is defined in a left-handed, Y-up style. (even though most official coordinatesystems are righthanded and Z-up), most geometry-parsers in unity already change this definition


## Backwards compatibility

In Netherlands3D, we used to make use of conversion methods on the CoordinateConverter -such as RDtoWGS84- and
Vector3 classes per Coordinate System. This architecture is not scalable to support the plethora of CRS out there,
and as such these are all deprecated and replaced by Coordinate.Convert(targetCRS)
